[Minoru]
Rohan Sensei,
thanks for meeting up
with me.
It's a beautiful day,
isn't it?
What's that book
you're reading there?
[Rohan]
A de Stael collection.
Death Stall?
Is that a new rock band
or something?
(gasp)
[Rohan] He was
a Russian-born artist.
I believe he died in 1955.
By the way, Kagamori,
I know full well that in
the working world at large,
being late for
any business meeting
is considered improper.
-(booming noise)
-[Rohan] However,
an editor arriving
six minutes early
for a meeting with
his manga artist
is equally rude,
don't you think?
Oh...
I'm so sorry about that!
Arriving early is
a bad thing then?
You're lucky
you're meeting with me.
But on to business.
You want to talk about
my upcoming
61-page one-shot manga, no?
[Fan 1] Excuse me,
Rohan Sensei!
We're huge, freakin' fans!
[Fan 2] Could we please
get your autograph?
Can you make mine
out to "My pal, Akira"?
-Cut it out!
-(gasps)
Mr. Kishibe is
not giving autographs.
-(booming noise)
-(grunts)
Can't you see
he's hard at work?
He doesn't have time.
[Rohan]
It's already done.
(gasps)
Unlike some manga artists,
I'm a fast worker.
I always have time
to thank my fans.
[Fans]
(gasps)
Doin' drip art autographs
done in coffee?!
No way!
Thank you, sir!
We'll treasure these!
-[Fan 1] No way! No way!
-[Fan 2] (laughing)
-[Fan 1] No way!
(dumbfounded groan)
Actually,
if you wouldn't mind,
there is something personal
I'd like to discuss
before we get down
to business.
Sure...
To be perfectly frank,
it's a question about cash.
More specifically,
my payment.
All right.
[Rohan]
Could you pay me in advance?
I've actually just
gone bankrupt.
What?
I haven't gone
into debt yet,
but, right now,
-I'm homeless.
-(gasps)
[Rohan] I'm staying at
Koichi's at the moment,
but I don't even have
a desk to work on.
(stunned groan)
[Rohan]
My Sailor Moon figures,
Led Zeppelin
paper jacket CDs,
Rurouni Kenshin manga,
I've sold them all.
-Slow down a sec!
-(slam)
You don't have
anywhere to work?!
And bankrupt?!
Didn't you just buy yourself
an entire mountain
the other day,
complete with
vacation cottages?!
-I told you before,
-(gasp)
I bought it to investigate
the rumors of the monster
that lives on that hill
for my manga,
but then I heard
those developer bastards
wanted to build
a resort up there,
so I bought
the six surrounding hills
to put a stop to
their sleazy little plan.
More land equaled
more influence,
so what else was I to do?
I bought it all
to stop the construction.
-(stunned groan)
-[Rohan] But with plans
for the resort canceled,
the land's value plummeted.
Now that area
is just wilderness
in the middle of nowhere.
The six hills I just bought
are basically all worthless,
which means I'm flat broke.
Do you think you could
offer me an advance?
Let...Let me process
all this...
[Minoru] Did you really buy
all those hills solely for
-manga research purposes?
-Yeah.
[Minoru]
Not as an investment?!
That's correct.
I'm shooting for
reality here.
In your comic about
a folktale monster
on a hill?
-You heard me.
-(gasp)
Imagine if they did
build the resort.
All that traffic could have
scared the monster
elsewhere,
in which case,
-my plan would be for naught.
-(booming noise)
(dumbfounded groan)
Whoa whoa whoa whoa,
what's with that face?
Can't you look me
in the eye?
Hey, you're looking away!
You think that I've gone
completely off my rocker,
don't you, Mr. Editor?
[Rohan] Listen up.
Souped-up super cars
and basement
video game theaters
are fine and dandy,
but they're not
the only things
manga artists can buy.
Hmm...
And, what's more,
I did find it in the end,
so you see, my research
was worth every yen.
[Minoru]
Huh?
[Rohan]
Listen carefully,
and don't tell anyone
outside the magazine
what I'm about to tell you.
You...found it...?
What...?
What exactly are you
saying you found?
Oh, come now.
Do you not listen to people
when they talk?
I saw it with my own eyes.
The monster of
Mutsukaba Hill does exist,
and, as of this moment,
it lives there still.
I hate to ask,
Rohan Sensei,
but could you please
say that again?
What lives there?
(dramatic music)
[Rohan] There was a girl
named Naoko Osito,
a student in her
last year of college,
but as September
came to a close,
she would murder
her boyfriend.
(opening theme music)
[Rohan]
Naoko Osito,
the only daughter
of the Osito family,
who found their fortune
making miso
in Mutsukabe Village,
for over 300 years.
The Osito estate
stood at the end
of a single track road
upon a hill,
which is to say,
the entire hill was theirs.
[Naoko] Hey, could you
go home for the day?
Huh?
And clean up
the game stuff, will you?
(groan)
What's going on?
Someone from the main house
comin' to visit?
[Naoko]
Does it matter?
You can leave
through the back.
[Gunpei]
Come on now!
Lately, you've been...
I don't know,
kind of chilly toward me...?
I don't want to ask this,
but is there another guy?
[Gunpei]
(gasps)
You just spared me
the trouble
of an explanation.
Look,
I'm not going to deny
that we've had some
good times together,
but it's not going
to work out
as long as my dad's around.
You're a part-time gardener.
[Naoko] And,
as my dad's only daughter,
I'm supposed to protect
the family fortune.
We're done.
[Gunpei]
(grunt)
-I don't think so.
-(gasps)
-You don't mean that.
-(struggling groans)
Come on, what's wrong with
keeping our thing going?
-Let go of me!
-There's no reason
for us to split up.
Just let me go!
How do you think
they would react
if they came in
and saw us like this?
Your precious father
and this new man of yours.
-[Gunpei] (chuckling)
-Let me fucking go!
-[Naoko] (grunt)
-You...
-You bitch!
-[Naoko] (screams)
(gasps)
I-I'm sorry!
I didn't...uh...
After you hit me,
I just reacted.
-(grunt)
-(gasps)
I really do love you, Nao.
I mean,
even if we have to
keep it secret,
I'm happy
just the way things--
-Go on!
-(gasps)
Get out of here!
Please, Nao.
Listen...
[Naoko]
Go!
Take the damn money
and go home already!
-[Gunpei] (groan)
-(crunching noise)
-[Dad] (laughing)
-(gasps)
[Dad] Well,
we didn't exactly tell her
we were coming, did we?
She'll probably be
flustered.
-[Naoko] (worried pant)
-[Dad] Bet she'll try to do
-(gasps)
-herself up in record time.
[Dad]
(laughs)
[Naoko] He'll be at the door
any minute.
Gunpei,
please take your stuff
and get out of here now.
To be perfectly honest,
you're...
the one I want to be with,
but this is the man
I've been engaged to.
My family has decided that
we'll be getting married
after I graduate college,
so this is the end for us.
We can't see
each other anymore.
Huh?
[Naoko]
Gunpei...?
(worried pant)
Hey...
(cracking noise)
-(thud)
-[intense music]
(gasps)
[Naoko]
No...
If this is another
one of your jokes,
that's not funny.
Another prank, right?
[Naoko]
Gunpei...
Stop playing around.
I don't feel a...
pulse.
He's... He's dead!
[Rohan]
Not knowing what else to do,
Naoko Osito decided to dress
Gunpei's wound regardless.
[Naoko]
(panting)
[Rohan] She pressed a towel
she found nearby
against his head.
[Naoko] This has to be
some kind of trick.
It can't be true!
I just gave him
a little push.
[Naoko] Why was that
golf club there?
Why?
This makes it look like...
Like I...
(intense booming)
This makes it look like
I took the golf club
and beat him to death!
[Naoko]
Gunpei...?
W-What should I do?
A doctor.
I'll call a doctor!
(worried pant)
But if he's dead already,
will the doctor be any help?
Oh God...
Do I have to call
the cops instead?
[Dad]
Naoko, are you in there?
It's me, Dad,
and I brought Shuichi
along with me.
He's sure excited
to see you.
(panting)
[Naoko]
No, I'm not here.
I'm not anywhere at all!
[Dad] (grunting)
Huh. It's locked.
-(whimpering)
-[Dad] Hmm...
Maybe Naoko
isn't here, after all.
(whimpering)
[Shuichi] It may have been
my imagination, Mr. Osito,
but I could have sworn
I saw that window screen
move earlier.
(gasps)
(panting)
[Naoko]
(whimpering)
I... I have to hide him!
[Naoko]
(grunting)
Gotta find somewhere...
[Naoko]
(grunting)
[Naoko] I need to do
something with his body!
(grunting)
Under the sofa!
(gasps)
[Naoko]
What's going on?
He doesn't have a pulse.
His heart's not beating!
So why's he still bleeding?
[Dad]
Naoko, are you there?
(gasps)
[Dad]
What's going on?
Are you all right?
I've got a spare key.
Let's open the door.
[Naoko] Oh, Father!
I... I didn't hear you!
You caught me
tidying up in the kitchen.
[Dad]
Ah, so you are home!
Guess who's here?
Shuichi!
R-Really?
How wonderful!
Could you ask him to wait
for me in the main house?
[Dad] Naoko, your voice
sounds a little off.
Are you all right?
Do you need a hand?
No, I'm okay!
Just changing
into something nicer,
so please
don't open the door.
I'll be with you
in a minute, promise!
Please don't open
that door!
[Naoko]
(grunt)
(worried pants)
[Naoko]
(pants)
Wha...?
(gasps)
[Naoko] (screams)
What the hell is happening?!
Help!
Is it even possible
for humans
to keep bleeding like this
after they're dead?!
(pants)
-[Shuichi] Naoko.
-(gasps)
[Shuichi] You're using
an awful lot of water.
What are you up to?
(intense music)
-[Naoko] (pants)
-[Shuichi] It's me, Shuichi.
-I bet you're wondering
what I'm still doing
out front here...
-[Naoko] (pants)
-[Shuichi] Honestly,
it was your father's idea.
He lent me the spare key
so you and I could spend
more quality time together.
[Naoko]
(pants)
No!
Stay out!
You can't come in,
no matter what!
[Shuichi]
Naoko...
-I actually saw someone,
-[Naoko] (whimper)
a figure in the window
as I was
-approaching the house.
-[Naoko] (gasps)
(worried sigh)
It looked like someone
was in there with you.
(panicked groaning)
Are you alone
in there right now?
(panicked groaning)
[Shuichi] I could have sworn
that I saw one other person
in the house with you.
(panicked groaning)
[Naoko] I'm sorry...
I'm sorry!
But this is all
your fault anyway!
I didn't do anything wrong.
(nervous panting)
(groaning)
(sob)
(panicked groaning)
(music intensifies)
[Naoko]
What...?
(screams)
[Shuichi] N-Naoko!
Are you all right?
(sobbing)
[Shuichi] So there is
someone else in there?
[Naoko] Gunpei!
Please!
Stop bleeding,
you have to stop!
(scream)
[Shuichi] That's it,
I'm coming in right now!
[Naoko]
(struggling grunts)
(music intensifies)
Huh?
(music crecendo)
(footsteps)
(gasp)
[Naoko] You mentioned
you saw someone else
in here with me?
Who might that have been,
Shuichi?
Huh.
[Naoko]
Please.
Please stop.
Please stop, Gunpei.
I'm sorry!
Stop!
Please forgive me.
Hey, I'm really
sorry about that.
Talk about
an overactive imagination.
[Shuichi]
I'll go join your father
in the main house
until you're ready.
[Rohan]
And so, as arranged,
Naoko was married
the next spring,
and Shuichi was welcomed
into the Osito family.
But, ever since that day,
Gunpei Kamafusa
has never once
stopped bleeding.
Every day, he quietly
bleeds about 300 CCs.
If his body is not moved,
he will never bleed
more than that.
However, the bleeding
is continuous.
Despite the fact that
any and all signs of life
have completely disappeared.
Naoko Osito has never once
been on a trip
away from home
since her marriage,
and, every morning,
she takes a glass bottle
full of Gunpei's blood
and discreetly discards it.
A daily ritual.
She does this without fail,
so as to hide it
from the prying eyes
of her family.
[Shuichi] Hey, Naoko!
Come and eat with us.
[Naoko]
I'll be right there.
(music intensifies
and crescendos)
[Rohan] Ever since
the detached guest house.
was demolished
for conversion,
hidden in the attic,
above the closet
in the main house,
lies Gunpei.
This is where
Naoko discovered
that whenever
she sprayed water
all over Gunpei's body,
somehow, his skin would
temporarily return
to the state it was in
when he was alive.
You're so cute
when you're asleep,
Gunpei, and you are mine
and mine alone.
I'm the only person
in the whole world
who could take care
of you forever and ever.
[Rohan]W hat exactly is he?
There's no denying he's been
dead this entire time.
I first learned of
Gunpei Kamafusa
on one of my trips
to the area.
His name arose
while I was talking
to some Mutsukabe villagers
about their stories
and long-held beliefs
in local monsters.
[Batsudera]
So, you see, Mr. Kashibe,
this is an absolutely,
positively, fantastic,
profitable and lucrative
deal for you.
[Rohan]
Absolutely not.
I've told you
a hundred times,
I'm not selling my hills.
Well, I'm sure
there's some way
we can help
change your mind.
(chuckles)
Huh?
Oh...
[Batsudera] Yes, hello?
This is Batsudera...
[Rohan]
I learned of this affair
when I stumbled into
a chance encounter
with Naoko Osito
and read her memory
with Heaven's Door.
It's through
this stroke of luck
that I learned about
the existence of this...man.
Yes? Huh?
Hey, can you hear me?
The signal's bad.
Just a moment please.
So, what are you...?
Huh, Gunpei?
I intend to see the truth
with my own two eyes.
[Rohan]
I want to know
what you're after.
In the attic
above the closet
in that main house,
I'll find him there.
[girl] You're Rohan Kishibe,
aren't you?
The manga artist?
That's what I thought.
I'd heard you'd been
snooping around here lately.
[Rohan]
Who are you?
My family always warned me
not to talk to strange men.
Apparently, there are
a lot of perverts
and weirdos
around these days.
[girl]
(grunts)
(gasps)
Wait, what are you-?
(intense music)
[gasps]
Hey, are you all right?
What was all that about?
Running off like that...
(gasp)
[Rohan] She... She's dead.
Wh...What happened?
It can't be!
It's absurd, ridiculous!
This makes it look like...
It looks like I...
was responsible for
this poor girl's death!
What's going on here?
Who the hell is this girl?
It can't be...
[Rohan]
There's no way!
Is this girl
Gunpei's child?
Naoko Osito...
did she get pregnant
from the corpse
hiding in the attic,
and give birth?!
[Batsudera] Mr. Kishibe,
where are you?
[Rohan]
(gasps)
[Batsudera] Where are you,
Mr. Kishibe?
(gasps)
[Rohan]
(frustrated groan)
[Rohan] Damn it,
it's trying to possess me!
(pulse)
Heaven's Door!
(blast)
[Rohan]
This is bad.
All the memories that
make this girl who she is...
They're fading away!
No, no!
It's all disappearing!
If her memories go,
I can't bring it back!
So, before that...
(scribbling)
(booming noise)
(cracking)
[girl]
(groaning)
-(intense noise)
-(scream)
(grunt)
(air gushing)
(groaning)
(confused groaning)
[girl] (giggle)
Mom! I'm hungry!
That was too close
for comfort.
[Rohan]
A moment's hesitation,
and I could have
been possessed.
Or, worse yet,
devastated.
What a terrifying creature!
Another second...
Ah, so that's where
you went, Mr. Kishibe!
I'm terribly sorry to have
left you alone like that.
It was an important call
from the main office,
you see.
You can take your offer
and shove it.
Huh?
[Batsudera]
What...?!
[Rohan] This was
the very monster I sought.
I'll call it the monster
of Mutsukabe Hill.
I don't know how long
this monster has existed.
Perhaps forever.
It preys on love,
and the human heart's
weakness.
In doing so, it makes humans
do everything for it.
It doesn't work,
takes no responsibility,
and suffers no hardship.
This monster's sole purpose
is to reproduce.
No, perhaps I should
call it an organism.
The greatest moment
of this creature's life is
when it dies
in front of someone.
I do think that
it's possible
more of these creatures
are out there somewhere.
They may prolong
their existence
by finding a victim
to die in front of.
[Koichi]
Is that really a true story?
It's a hard pill
to swallow.
-[Okuyasu] Even so,
-(gasps)
there's no way
that story's a complete lie.
Have you heard
of this monster?
[Mikitaka] Yes, I do
remember a similar creature
that made its home among
the magellanic clouds.
L-Listen up, you kids.
You can't just
barge into our--
(gasp)
By the way,
there's something
I've always wanted
to ask you.
Are you serious when
you say you're an alien?
Oh yes, I traveled
from the magellanic clouds
to live here in Morio,
but my spaceship
is still standing...
[Okuyasu]
(growl)
All this alien crap
is putting me to sleep here.
[Rohan] How many
Mutsukabe Hills monsters
walk this world?
I have no interest
in questions like that.
Naoko Osito
looks happy enough,
and I've discovered
the monster's purpose.
I know what I am,
and it's not a scholar,
or a journalist, either.
Me?
I'm just a manga artist.
[girl]
Mom!
Do you think I'll marry
a handsome man one day?
[Naoko]
Of course, you will.
(ending theme music)